Add Subscription page (#59)
NethServer/ns8-docs: subscription.rst

.. _subscription-section:

============
Subscription
============

.. highlight:: bash

.. note::

   Available only on Rocky Linux based systems

A NethServer 8 cluster can be registered to a web portal to enable
additional services.

When a cluster has an active subscription, the following services are
enabled:

- Remote support by Nethesis

> - Resources monitoring and web portal link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resources monitoring and alerting
```

- Upload of leader node inventory
- Automatic updates of core and applications
- Upload of cluster backup (Enterprise only)

Register the cluster
====================

Depending on your subscription type, log in to https://my.nethserver.com

> or https://my.nethesis.it and obtain a unique subscription token for the

Reviewer: Add the link to the portals

cluster. Follow the portal-documented procedures to obtain it.

.. warning::

>   The subscription token is a secret: never communicate or show it to
>   someone else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The subscription token is a secret: never communicate or share it with
  someone else
```

Once you have copied the token to the clipboard, go to the ``Settings``
page and click the ``Subscription`` card. Paste the token in the
``Authentication token`` field, then click the :guilabel:`Register`
button.

If the procedure is successful the Subscription page displays the ``System
ID``, ``Plan`` type and ``Expiration`` date.

Remove the subscription
=======================

Go to the ``Settings`` page and click the ``Subscription`` card.
Alternatively, go to the cluster dashboard page and click the ``Go to
Subscription`` link.

In the ``Subscription`` page, click the :guilabel:`Remove subscription`
button. The action must be confirmed.

.. hint::

    The "Remove subscription" procedure within the NethServer interface
    does not clear the web portal cluster account. To complete the cluster
    subscription removal and avoid being charged, visit your subscription

>     web portal

Reviewer: This should be automatic.

Remote support
==============

.. note::

    Available in Nethesis Enterprise only

Depending on the subscription type and plan, the ``Subscription`` page can
allow starting and controlling a remote support session:

- Click :guilabel:`Start session` to activate a special access for the
  Nethesis support team. Both SSH and cluster-admin administrative access
  are granted to the support team. Support connections are routed in a
  private VPN tunnel.

  When the access is granted, a unique ``Session ID`` secret is displayed:
  copy and paste it in your support request.

- To end the support session, close the VPN tunnel and revoke any granted
  access, click :guilabel:`End session`.

> The support session is valid only on to reach the leader node. The support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The support session is valid only to reach the leader node. The support
```
